misc: Close extra tabs/windows between tests (#28204)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 13.5.1

_Released 11/22/2023 (PENDING)_

**Misc:**

> - Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests for Chromimum-based browsers. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).

Author: ```suggestion
- Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests in Chromium-based browsers. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).
```

- Fixed an issue where network requests made from tabs/windows other than the main Cypress tab would be delayed. Fixes [#28113](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28113).

**Misc:**

> - Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests. Addressed in TODO [#1234](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/1234).

Author: ```suggestion
- Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).
```

- Fixed an issue where network requests made from tabs/windows other than the main Cypress tab would be delayed. Fixes [#28113](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28113).
- Stopped processing CDP events at the end of a spec when Test Isolation is off and Test Replay is enabled. Addressed in [#28213](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28213).

**Misc:**

> - Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Browser tabs and windows other than the Cypress tab are now closed between tests for Chromium-based browsers. Addressed in [#28204](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204).
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28204/commits/794b74a2b098a0e0021c562dd2e2f55093b87944
